:FC-509: :sparkles: http codes (#1059)
LivePersonInc/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/ExternalInvocations/error-codes.md

| 'com.liveperson.faas.handler.log-limit-reached'     | Lambda exceeds log limits (see https://developers.liveperson.com/liveperson-functions-monitoring-logs.html)      |
| 'com.liveperson.faas.fm.general'                    | General error, no specific reason                                                                               |
| 'com.liveperson.faas.fm.unavailable'                | Could not reach/access remote system                                                                            |

## Http codes

| Code                                               | name             | Description                                              |
|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------|

> | '200','202'           |  Processed/Accepted   | The request was processed successfully and the result of the request is included in the response.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '200', '202'           |  Success   | The request was successfully accepted/processed.   |
```

Author: updated

> | '400'           |  Bad request  | Some validations have failed on the request                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '400'           |  Bad Request  | The request did is either not correct or malformed.                                             |
```

Author: updated

> | '401'           | Unauthorized    | Unauthorized,The request cannot be made without valid authentication                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '401', '403'          | Unauthorized    | Missing authentication or missing privileges               |
```

Reviewer: Better to combine where it makes sense, as those error codes are nothing out of this world.

Author: updated

> | '403'           |	Forbidden    | The request was not carried out because the client was not authorized                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: updated

> | '404'           |  Not Found  | File/Page/Server/lambda Not Found                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '404'           |  Not Found  | Requested resource was not found. In the case of lambda, this can also mean it was not deployed.                                                            |
```

Author: updated

> | '405'           |  Method not allowed   | The request was made using wrong HTTP method                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '405'           |  Method Not Allowed   | The request was using the wrong HTTP method                  |
```

Author: updated

| '408'           |  Request timeout | The user opened a connection to the server but did not send any data after a given amount of time.              |

> | '429'           |  Too many requests   | The client sent too many requests in a given period of time.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '429'           |  Ratelimit   | The client exceeded the rate-limit, which is based on a per-account level.                            |
```

Author: updated

> | '500','502','504'  |  Internal server error   | Internal unexpected server error                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| '500', '502', '504'  |  Internal Server Error   | Unexpected Server Error, which can be temporarily.                                                                  |
```

Author: updated
